I'm not looking for a reply to this. Won't check my inbox. Your mind's a victim of your own success I think, or maybe it's ADHD, I think you wouldn't know properly what to do. It's better to let people make honest mistakes with good intentions and not bait them, then act two-faced or hurt them, in any way. or maybe the serpent is you lol? Pretty sure this is your intended effect. i'll play along, but really I think I deserve an apology. I would never do that. I'm 38, so I know better. I really cannot be baited. This is a conscious choice. Nothing you've done Russia hasn't done to me in 1000 more screwed up ways before. 

What you didn't open days ago is below, and shit. Yeah maybe I don't know what I'm doing either? It's still an effort. I hope that's worth something. But this "make an enemy and he'll have more to prove" bs? I don't like it, because people just need kindness. You could have ignored something that would be deleted, you didn't need to ban me, not because I "want to be on your stream" (I was already done chatting there) but because leaving it like that feels wrong and you've caused weeks of poor sleep due to following you for years and running into that part of yourself. You've trauma bonded me, well good job at that.

Here's the truth. I'm broken Annie. The heart wasn't made for this. It feels sad to be both away from, and to be with, the digital version of you. It's a logical paradox. I need an easy solution to it. I need human touch. I've never been great at work. It doesn't motivate me. Maybe because I need a partner first. I'm more of a scholar. You're invited to Boston. You're invited to let me manage, say 5% of any funds for test investing. It's just an idea. I know I can grow it to passive income. I read a lot, about investing as well. Those are my ideas now? Okay? I don't want to overwhelm anybody. This link will delete itself. It's there for you. I would need to apply for another passport. I don't know how long it's supposed to take
 
 
That's what I can also offer at this moment. I'm also open to anything. I wish you would talk to me or call me. All this could have been avoided with a simple phone call. I've turned having free time into an art form at this point. I live in a freaking extended stay. I hate how effective I am at it. It's still better than working for a boss. It's not better than being alone. I never wanted to cause you anything except happy feelings, ever. I'm sorry. I mean this in the kindest way, but you are a needy child, as am I. Anything negative I'd like to take back. I had a working online business before. It's so hard solo. It's a PITA. I want to live in nature, Annie. Technology isn't healthy. I mostly quit games because of you, by the way? You make me feel guilty gaming, my most cherished hobby. We both need help in different ways, I would say.
 
Even movie stars are on camera a few hours a day only. Even normal workers don't go beyond 8 hours. The heart wasn't made to bear that kind of situation. I know you know it. You're empathetic, I noticed. I'm not strong enough to overcome it by myself. I want you to be the healthiest you can. I would do anything I can for that. Please know that I am only a few seconds away at any time if you will reach out, and I'm still trying a bunch of shit, and I'm broken in ways I don't even understand myself. Sorry.

And again, I just wanted / want to be nice to you. Despite having nothing, despite your flaws or mine. I'm just trying to love you in the only way I know how. Sorry for that